frontend/src/docs/privacyPolicy.md, before:

---
id: privacy-policy
title: Privacy Policy
---

<div>

# <a href="#/docs">Docs</a> <span>/</span> Privacy Policy

<img src="/static/img/main/privacy.svg" alt="Privacy">

Last updated December 20, 2020

Webserver logs are stored for **7 days** (or less if the log file gets too big) and are in the [Common Log Format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Log_Format).

Anonymized counters from all DNS queries are stored for 360 days (or until they get too big). We use https://github.com/prometheus-community/bind_exporter if you would like to see the full list of metrics, but in short these logs include numbers only so nothing that's able to identify any particular user.  

Nothing else is *ever* logged other than what is listed above.
</div>

<style>
    div {
        margin: auto;
        width: 50%;
    }
    
    span {
        color: #d000ff;
    }
    
    a {
        color: white;
        text-decoration: none;
    }
    
    img {
        width: 350px;
        display: block;
        margin: auto auto 40px;
    }
</style>

Commit message:

update privacy policy for analytics

frontend/src/docs/privacyPolicy.md, after:

---
id: privacy-policy
title: Privacy Policy
---

<div>

# <a href="#/docs">Docs</a> <span>/</span> Privacy Policy

<img src="/static/img/main/privacy.svg" alt="Privacy">

Last updated January 3, 2021

Webserver logs are stored for **7 days** (or less if the log file gets too big) and are in the [Common Log Format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Log_Format).

We also use a self hosted instance of [Plausible](https://github.com/plausible/analytics) for analytics of the `packetframe.com` site.

Anonymized counters from all DNS queries are stored for 360 days (or until they get too big). We use https://github.com/prometheus-community/bind_exporter if you would like to see the full list of metrics, but in short these logs include numbers only so nothing that's able to identify any particular user.  

Nothing else is *ever* logged other than what is listed above.
</div>

<style>
    div {
        margin: auto;
        width: 50%;
    }
    
    span {
        color: #d000ff;
    }
    
    a {
        color: white;
        text-decoration: none;
    }
    
    img {
        width: 350px;
        display: block;
        margin: auto auto 40px;
    }
</style>
