---
slug: november-22-outage
title: DNS Outage of November 22, 2020
author: Nate Sales
author_title: PacketFrame
author_url: https://natesales.net/
author_image_url: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/20391440
---

PacketFrame DNS Outage of November 22, 2020

On Sat Nov 21, a code change to the PacketFrame control plane was pushed that allowed for more flexibility in embedded origin nodes for use in IXPs. The change allowed a single machine to serve both DNS and HTTP traffic. As a result, the current HTTP nodes were drained and scheduled for removal from the network. As an anycast network, PacketFrame is designed to handle multiple node failures and ordinarily powering off multiple nodes would not cause a problem. However, after the nodes were drained, they did not properly power down likely due to a hypervisor operation lock that failed to acquire. There was a period of time where 3 nodes were announcing the anycast prefixes with incorrect data which effected certain sites on the platform.

On Sun Nov 20, a user reported a partial DNS outage. Upon investigation, it appeared that one of the cache nodes had still been announcing the anycast prefixes without an operational authoritative DNS process. The failed node was immideately withdrawn from the cluster to allow for functional nodes to take over the load. A series of tests were ran to ensure the cluster was still operating normally, and all nodes were found to be operational. A DNS query was executed on 50 random NLNOG RING nodes and 49 returned the correct DNS response. The one incorrectly responding node is likely behind a caching resolver that is storing records longer than it should be.

At this point the issue is marked as resolved on our end. Popular public DNS resolvers (Google, Cloudflare, Quad9, and OpenDNS) are all currently returning correct data, although ISP resolvers may be incorrectly configured to not honor DNS TTLs or are caching records for longer than they should be. If you are still having issues please try an alternate resolver.

If you have any questions, feel free to send an email to info@packetframe.com
